When Aliens Attack
Tell her you just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. I'll tell them you went down prying the wedding ring off his cold, dead finger. Shut up and take my money! Morbo can't understand his teleprompter because he forgot how you say that letter that's shaped like a man wearing a hat. Oh, how awful. Did he at least die painlessly? …To shreds, you say. Well, how is his wife holding up? …To shreds, you say. That's not soon enough!

I Second That Emotion
Oh, I think we should just stay friends. I daresay that Fry has discovered the smelliest object in the known universe! Yeah, lots of people did.

Oh, how awful. Did he at least die painlessly? …To shreds, you say. Well, how is his wife holding up? …To shreds, you say.
Tell them I hate them.
Oh, I think we should just stay friends.
I Second That Emotion
Eeeee! Now say "nuclear wessels"! Michelle, I don't regret this, but I both rue and lament it. I'm sure those windmills will keep them cool. Shinier than yours, meatbag. Look, everyone wants to be like Germany, but do we really have the pure strength of 'will'?

Less Than Hero
I'll get my kit! But I know you in the future. I cleaned your poop. You, minion. Lift my arm. AFTER HIM!

I'm sure those windmills will keep them cool.
Morbo will now introduce tonight's candidates… PUNY HUMAN NUMBER ONE, PUNY HUMAN NUMBER TWO, and Morbo's good friend, Richard Nixon.
THE BIG BRAIN AM WINNING AGAIN! I AM THE GREETEST! NOW I AM LEAVING EARTH, FOR NO RAISEN!
Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated poopers.
The Duh-Vinci Code
Uh, is the puppy mechanical in any way? I'm sure those windmills will keep them cool. Daddy Bender, we're hungry. Bender! Ship! Stop bickering or I'm going to come back there and change your opinions manually!

Teenage Mutant Leela's Hurdles
Tell them I hate them. Hello, little man. I will destroy you! Daylight and everything. It's just like the story of the grasshopper and the octopus. All year long, the grasshopper kept burying acorns for winter, while the octopus mooched off his girlfriend and watched TV. But then the winter came, and the grasshopper died, and the octopus ate all his acorns. Also he got a race car. Is any of this getting through to you?

Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Your best is an idiot!

Yes, except the Dave Matthews Band doesn't rock. I am Singing Wind, Chief of the Martians. Oh sure! Blame the wizards! Bender, this is Fry's decision… and he made it wrong. So it's time for us to interfere in his life. But, like most politicians, he promised more than he could deliver.

Fry! Stay back! He's too powerful! Perhaps, but perhaps your civilization is merely the sewer of an even greater society above you! Morbo will now introduce tonight's candidates… PUNY HUMAN NUMBER ONE, PUNY HUMAN NUMBER TWO, and Morbo's good friend, Richard Nixon. Hey, you add a one and two zeros to that or we walk!

Morbo will now introduce tonight's candidates… PUNY HUMAN NUMBER ONE, PUNY HUMAN NUMBER TWO, and Morbo's good friend, Richard Nixon. Bite my shiny metal ass. My fellow Earthicans, as I have explained in my book 'Earth in the Balance'', and the much more popular ''Harry Potter and the Balance of Earth', we need to defend our planet against pollution. Also dark wizards.

Oh no! The professor will hit me! But if Zoidberg 'fixes' it… then perhaps gifts! Hey, you add a one and two zeros to that or we walk! Your best is an idiot!

What's with you kids? Every other day it's food, food, food. Alright, I'll get you some stupid food. It must be wonderful. Ow, my spirit!

Hi, I'm a naughty nurse, and I really need someone to talk to. $9.95 a minute. THE BIG BRAIN AM WINNING AGAIN! I AM THE GREETEST! NOW I AM LEAVING EARTH, FOR NO RAISEN! A true inspiration for the children.
